README.md, before:

# Welcome to my Rust Book Repo

## This repo is a collection of projects made while completing The [Rust Programming Language Book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book)

### Guessing_Game

This project is a CLI number guessing game. It generates a random number from 1 to 100 (inclusive), and has the user guess until they have correctly guessed the number. The program will tell the user if the number they have provided is greater or less than the hidden random number.

### Variables

Program explores rust compilers rules surrounding variables. Including scope, mutability, and data types.

### Functions

Covers functions, expressions, and statements.

### Ownership

Covers concepts of the stack vs heap in memory allocation and how rust deals with the common pain points of other low-level languages. Covers references and borrowing, and introduces the concept of lifetimes. Also covers the slice type.

### Structs

Covers defining and instantiating structs, as well as ownership and partially covers lifetimes. Covers methods, and associated functions within the rectangles project.

### Enums

Covers defining enums, and there many use cases. How the match control flow can be useful with them. Also covers the if let syntax.

### Restaurant

Project builds a restaurant library crate to demonstrate packages and modules.
Chapter covers packages, crates, modules and use, paths, and public vs private within crate scope.

### Collections

Covers the common standard library collections: strings, Vecs, and Hash Maps.

Commit message:

started the error handling chapters, got through most of 9.2

README.md, after:

# Welcome to my Rust Book Repo

## This repo is a collection of projects made while completing The [Rust Programming Language Book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book)

### guessing_game

This project is a CLI number guessing game. It generates a random number from 1 to 100 (inclusive), and has the user guess until they have correctly guessed the number. The program will tell the user if the number they have provided is greater or less than the hidden random number.

### variables

Program explores rust compilers rules surrounding variables. Including scope, mutability, and data types.

### functions

Covers functions, expressions, and statements.

### ownership

Covers concepts of the stack vs heap in memory allocation and how rust deals with the common pain points of other low-level languages. Covers references and borrowing, and introduces the concept of lifetimes. Also covers the slice type.

### structs

Covers defining and instantiating structs, as well as ownership and partially covers lifetimes. Covers methods, and associated functions within the rectangles project.

### enums

Covers defining enums, and there many use cases. How the match control flow can be useful with them. Also covers the if let syntax.

### restaurant

Project builds a restaurant library crate to demonstrate packages and modules.
Chapter covers packages, crates, modules and use, paths, and public vs private within crate scope.

### collections

Covers the common standard library collections: strings, Vecs, and Hash Maps.

### error_handling

Covers the difference between unrecoverable and recoverable errors, how you should handle them, and when to expect the different kinds.
